[DOCS] Spruce up release notes (#1072)
elastic/elasticsearch-java: docs/release-notes/known-issues.md

# Elasticsearch Java Client known issues [elasticsearch-java-client-known-issues]

For detailed issues, refer to the [Java client repo](https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch-java/issues).

> ## 9.0.0 [known-issues-9-0-0]

Reviewer: was this KI fixed in 9.0.4 ++ ? wonder if we should say that because the "latest major version" hints to me that she's still borked - either that or clarify that the workaround is permanent

Author: hmmm, yes. thanks for pointing this out! fixed in https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch-java/pull/1072/commits/872fcbb50949e2551cc33e3bdef52e2ee49aac86 and https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch-java/pull/1072/commits/009b85a9296559bd5642da9b8f8d41a031a77ba5

> The latest major version of the client uses the new built-in `Rest5Client`, instead of depending on `elasticsearch-rest-client`. But the client still depends on Apache `commons-logging`, which causes the following exception when not available:

Author: ```suggestion
The 9.0.0 version of the client uses the new built-in `Rest5Client`, instead of depending on `elasticsearch-rest-client`. But the 9.0.0 client still depends on Apache `commons-logging`, which causes the following exception when not available:
```

> ```

Reviewer 2: would be good to indicate this as a Java code block using ```java syntax

	at co.elastic.clients.transport.ElasticsearchTransportConfig$Default.buildTransport(ElasticsearchTransportConfig.java:110)
	at co.elastic.clients.elasticsearch.ElasticsearchClient.of(ElasticsearchClient.java:190)
```

> To fix this and use the new `Rest5Client`, add the `commons-logging` dependency:

Author: ```suggestion
This problem was [fixed](https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch-java/pull/1010) in 9.0.1.

To fix this issue in 9.0.0 and use the new `Rest5Client`, add the `commons-logging` dependency:
```
